**Welcome To 2b2t.org: one of the world's oldest (and worst) Minecraft servers to exist.** You are reading this page for one reason: to escape spawn, work hard, and be successful on the server. This information is updated to meet the standards of October 2020.
## Introduction to 2Builders2Tools
**Be wary that 2b2t is not for the faint of heart.** The chat is filled with the most vile and crude text that people can come up with, and people will insult you if you are active in the chat, and there will be a lot of racist/homophobic people and symbols. Try your hardest to prevent your personal information from being compromised, since if you get enough attention, or just let your mouth run, someone is probably going try to find out who you are. Do not tell people much about yourself, and don't click on suspicious links. One primary goal is to keep your information secret. One of the easiest pieces of information to accidentally leak is your **IP Address**, by clicking a suspicious link without protection. An IP Address can be considered to be a gateway for anyone to find your approximate real life physical location. If you happen to become a well known player while having your information compromised, you will most likely be harassed on the server, and in real life. Getting a **VPN** is strongly suggested while browsing non-official 2b2t websites and media. Some examples of safe websites are [the 2b2t subreddit (this includes r/2b2t_Uncensored)](https://www.reddit.com/r/2b2t/), communities hosted on Discord, [2b2t.online](http://www.2b2t.online/), and this wiki which is a trusted source.

Because the server has no rules, **[Hacked Clients](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Cheat_Clients)** are allowed to be used on the server, which is strongly recommended to use rather than the simple Vanilla client. This Wiki has an [entire page](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Cheat_Clients) dedicated towards hacked clients that are used on the server. **Please be mindful about where you are downloading your clients.** Make sure you are on the official web page [example: [this is the official site for the Impact Client](https://impactclient.net/)].

**Avoid downloading clients from sketchy websites**, *especially* ones that have several waves of advertisements before the actual website, such as anything you find in a YouTube description, Wizardhax, MCHACKS, or similar. If someone claims they have an *altered* version of a client that is *dedicated towards anarchy server game play (*generally duplication glitches*),* do not take the offer, as many *altered* or *custom* clients may cause a detrimental effect onto yourself. Some possibilities may include your IP Address being compromised, your coordinates being compromised (your location should remain private. Do NOT share your location on the server), and/or personal computer data being compromised.

Be mindful that **there is a [Queue](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Queue), in which you may have to wait for hours to join.** This often depends on what is happening on 2b2t (*See: [Timeline](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Timeline)*). Asking players for assistance will generally result in making yourself look unintelligent. Bored? Try to find things to do other than Minecraft. Keep in mind that disconnecting will remove yourself from the queue. Be wary that it is nearly <u>impossible</u> to skip the queue for free, and that the only way to skip the queue is by [buying a priority pass](https://shop.2b2t.org), which we have linked at the bottom of this guide, or wait for a server restart. It may also be possible that you may randomly get disconnected from queue.

**Note that after the 1.19 update, most clients (almost no clients support Forge anymore) have migrated from Forge to Fabric. Additionally, unupdated 1.12 clients such as Impact, KAMI Blue, Interia will not be of any use to you and you will have difficulty using them. Instead, use more up-to-date and secure clients.**

## How to Escape Spawn
Upon joining for the first time, you will be greeted by the harsh wasteland of [Spawn](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Spawn), a place filled with withers, [lavacasts](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Lavacast), alongside [Spawnfags](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Spawnfags), which are players that have nothing better to do in their lives but find enjoyment making your escape harder than it should be.

# When you join, **respawn repeatedly until you end up near a Nether Portal, and at a coordinate that is reasonably far from spawn.** Portals close to spawn have a high possibility of getting you portal-trapped. (e.g.: X 1000, Z 0). The further you are from 0,0, the higher your chance of survival.
# **{{Quote chat|/kill}} has been removed as of September 2020!(Active again with the new 1.20 update).** You will need to find other ways to respawn such as drowning or fall damage.
# Sometimes portals will be blocked off with obsidian on the other side, in an attempt to prevent noobs (like you!) from escaping. This is called a "portal trap". Unless you have a cheat client with a hack for this specific situation, the game will not let you open the chat window while in a portal. You will have to wait for someone to break you out, or punch obsidian by hand, or, if all else fails, turn off AntiHunger and jump around in place until you starve to death (this is very slow). You may also use packetfly to phase into the block above you to suffocate to death, however this comes with the risk of getting disconnected. Hause has recently added a plugin where you can wait about 5 minutes and it'll send you back to the overworld. Disconnect + reconnect will not help, you'll end up right back in the trap. Depending on how risk-averse you are, you may actually want to walk a ways (maybe a thousand more blocks or so) in the overworld away from 0,0 before trying a portal, because less portals will be trapped the further you go out.
#**Turn on AntiHunger.** This will help you by slowing down the draining of hunger, so you can mine and walk further. At some points in the past, the [Anti Cheat](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Anti_Cheat) on 2b2t has tried to combat AntiHunger, but this is not currently the case (<s>as of April 2020, both Impact and Lambda's AntiHunger modules work</s>) **(After the 1.19 update, anti hunger does not work except for elytra)**.
# If a total stranger claims they will help you, it is recommended you perform the command {{Quote chat|/ignore username}}. Most of the time these players will not help, especially so if you've noticed them killing other players in chat. If you have a prior relationship with someone who has offered to help you, accept that offer.
# If a player starts following you, you lose a lot of health / hunger, you get trapped in a portal, the portal is suspended over lava and there's no way to proceed, or anything goes wrong, **respawn**. No shame. Just try again!
#If you have a hard time finding a safe path, try using [Baritone](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Baritone), an AI pathfinding bot, which is included in Impact, KAMI Blue and Inertia, but you can also [download](https://github.com/cabaletta/baritone/) it as a Forge and Fabric mod. To go a certain distance in the direction you are facing, type {{Quote chat|#thisway <distance>}} then {{Quote chat|#path}} in the chat, and the bot will automatically calculate a safe route and begin to navigate along it. You can also type {{Quote chat|#goto <x> <z>}} or {{Quote chat|#goto <x> <y> <z>}} to navigate to a specific location. {{Quote chat|#goto portal}} will find you a Nether portal. To stop navigation, type {{Quote chat|#stop}}. You might also want to type {{Quote chat|#avoidance true}} to set Baritone to avoid travelling too close to mobs. [Click here to see a list of Baritone commands.](https://github.com/cabaletta/baritone/blob/master/USAGE.md) Find a nether portal at least 10k blocks from (0,0), as the nether up to 1.25k blocks is completely destroyed and filled with spawnfags.
# Get up to Y 120 in the nether and head down any highway. **Walk for around 20k to 30k overworld blocks**, then start trying portals periodically. Use portals that are a small distance (a few dozen blocks) off the highway; portals directly on the highway will lead to disappointment. When you start to see **trees and tall grass**, go through, make basic tools (e.g. an axe), and start to **harvest apples for food**. Make sure to replant saplings for yourself, since food is one of the larger challenges you will face initially. You will not find any animals like cows or pigs.
# **Do not go to any "*famous landmarks*" that you may have heard of.** [Valley of Wheat](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Valley_of_Wheat)? [Melon Road](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Melon_Road)? Not now, not ever. **If you've heard of it, griefers have too**, and there will be absolutely nothing left.
# **Make a fishing rod.** Get the string either from finding a spider spawner dungeon and killing a few spiders, or from cobwebs in abandoned mineshafts. To find these, consider turning on Search (if your client has it), then run the commands {{Quote chat|.search add web}}, and {{Quote chat|.search add mob_spawner}}. Any instances of those blocks will be highlighted on your screen. You can also turn on the Tracers option under Search to draw lines to these blocks. When you get the rod, you can fish automatically using the Auto Fish module. You might get kicked for AFK if you do this for too long, so walk around every once in a while and do something else. Auto-fishing is the easiest way of getting Food, EXP, and Enchantments.
# While you're walking away from spawn, if anybody says that they have a safe zone at specific coordinates or duped items or something, don't go there, as it's most likely a trap and will get you killed.

## Frequently asked Questions
;What is considered spawn?
:Spawn is generally considered to be anything within 10,000 overworld blocks or 1.250 nether blocks from 0,0. The spawn radius in which you respawn at when you die or spawn for the first time is anything within 2,048 blocks.
;What highway should I travel on?
:There is no best or worst highway to travel on. All of them are pretty similar, however, if you are starting out, I wouldn't recommend travelling on a diagonal highway, as they usually take longer to travel down. X+ seems to be more common for newer players to travel down on.
;What is the best hacked client for 2b2t?
:See this wiki's comprehensive list of [Hacked Clients](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Cheat_Clients)
;Should I create a group?
:No. Read more for why.
;Should I create a group base?
:Not yet, unless you have trusted friends to help.
;Queue is too long! Is there any way to avoid it?
:Of course! Buy priority queue! It's official and "cheap": https://shop.2b2t.org/
;When will 2b2t Update to 1.13/1.14/1.15/1.16/1.17/1.18/1.19?
:<s>While [Hausemaster](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Hausemaster) has made several claims about updating the server, the server will most likely not be updated any time soon because of technical reasons. To explain this, the development of Minecraft took a different path by focusing on more content rather than performance. Versions starting with 1.13 are not properly optimized for the server side, which ends up causing serious TPS drops. Some people confuse improvements to client-side FPS with improvements to server-side TPS, they are not the same thing at all. The speed of the Minecraft client's rendering has nothing to do with the speed of the Minecraft server's ticking. The likelihood of an update will be higher in 1.16 than any previous version, it appears, due to huge performance improvements in 1.16 and 1.17 having planned improvements on the Minecraft bug tracker.</s>
:On August 14th, 2023, 2b2t updated to 1.19, from 1.12. In addition to this server update was a soft economy reset. On August 25th, the same year, Hausemaster announced that the server would be reverting back to 1.12 temporarily, then would go back to 1.19, without chunk culling and soft economy reset. He also offered priority queue refunds for people who were dissatisfied with the update.

## How to become successful on the server
**This guide is for players that have already escaped spawn. This guide will not be in use if you have not escaped spawn.**

After a while of walking in the nether, it's time to create a temp base for yourself. A temp base is good for new players that need to collect resources and other materials.

# Build your temp base around 100,000 to 200,000 blocks away from spawn, and 5000 to 10000 blocks away from the [Highway](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Highway). Make sure to be in newer chunks or above (ex: biomes aren't messed up).
# **Make a bed.** This is so you will re spawn at your base, and not at spawn when you die. It is suggested to build it a few dozen blocks away from your base or underground to prevent bed trapping.
# **Create Protection 4 Armor and decent tools.** This set of armor is a standard on the server, as it will make it harder for griefers/pvpers to kill you if you are on a highway.
# **Create an Ender Chest.** Put things like food, tools, and wood into your Ender Chest. If you have shulkers, you can carry more items at once.
# From time to time, a [Duplication Glitch](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Duplication_Glitches) is found on 2b2t, and is used to duplicate items. **Find out how to perform the duplication method to duplicate your current items.** (NOTE: **NEVER INSTALL CLIENTS THAT ARE MADE FOR ITEM DUPLICATION ON 2B2T.** These clients are made to collect your location, and are shared across platforms such as Reddit and Discord). If you aren't rich, but have rich friends, you can ask them to help you get rich.
# If you have a lot of money on you, **spend money on kits and tools.** Vendors tend to supply things such as shulkers of totems, golden apples, and much more. **WARNING: If a seller does not use PayPal, do not buy from the seller, as other platforms do not allow you to refund/chargeback the seller if you didn't receive what you get. **
# Prioritize what you want to duplicate/buy. Start with the essentials first (enchants, totems), and slowly move to buying blocks.

After a while, you will collect enough resources to leave your tempbase and travel farther on 2b2t.

## How to build a permanent base
While considering where you want to stop, be aware that no matter where you build, **there will always be a chance your base will get griefed.** There are ways however, to make your base safer from being griefed.

# Go at least 4,000,000+ blocks out from spawn and then go at least 85,000 blocks away from the highways when creating your permanent base. Anything under 4,000,000 blocks will have a higher chance of being found.  Make sure you choose odd coordinates to tunnel. Round numbers like 4.5 or 10 are more likely for griefers to search. Make sure your X and Z coordinate are not within 9,000 blocks of each other to make sure you aren't too close to a diagonal highway.
# **Always build away from the nether highway. If you are in Pre-1.12 chunks, you are not safe.** No matter how far you are from spawn, portals are dotted throughout all highways. Many players tend to stop at these portals to obtain resources such as wood and food. By being closer to the highway, you put yourself at the risk of having your base found by wandering players.
# **Cover your tracks.** Make sure that if you are digging a straight pathway through the nether, fill your pathway back up with netherrack. If possible mine to the nether floor to avoid digging and filling tunnels. If you mine into a quartz deposit, mine all the quartz and replace it with netherrack. Digging a straight hole through a deposit will allow people with x-ray to see that the deposit has been altered. Once you each a spot to make a portal, walk 30k blocks in an incomplete circle and back. This confuses griefers using newchunks. The more you make chunk trails in multiple directions the better.
# **Upon reaching the overworld, set a bed and destroy your portal.** The safest bases have remaining tracks. Set your bed spawn in the over world and put everything into a chest, except any diamond pickaxe. Destroy the portal, then destroy your pickaxe (jumping into lava is best). Be considerate on how much EXP you have. If you have around 30 levels, enchant random items before doing this procedure. You can lead off the griefer more by making more chunk trails in the overworld, and hopping in and out of of nether.
# **Use uncommon blocks for storage.** Chests, Shulkers and Furnaces are common blocks and can be easily found by ESPs. Store your items chestboats, barrel, and item frames.
# **The less members, the better.** Solo bases generally will last the longest, considering that you won't have to worry about your base being compromised. Bases with more members pose a much larger risk, especially organized ones. (Compare bases to stars: smaller stars tend to last longer compared to larger stars). Exceptionally large bases are primary targets for griefers, considering larger bases are much more well-known among the 2b2t community. (*For further reading on well-known larger bases that have been griefed, check out the following pages: [NFE](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/NFE), [Asgard II](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Asgard_II), [Boedecken](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Boedecken), [Builders Haven](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Builders_Haven), and [Valerian](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Valerian)).*

Following these steps will reduce the chance of your base being griefed.

## How to gain clout and reputation
* First, recognize that none of your ideas are unique, you are not special, and it's childish to think that you will be the one to lead the initiative to FINALLY REBUILD SPAWN or any of that.
* Additionally, you will not become the "next famous griefer" nor the "next famous builder" nor the "next famous PvPer". It just won't happen. If you set out with that as your goal, you are destined to fail.
* If you make a post on the subreddit about your brand new group looking for members, you will get the lowest quality 12 year old players, as well as people trying to inside. If you're new to the community, chances are you wont be able to tell which is which, even though you'll THINK you can tell just fine.
* No one truly cares about what you plan to do on 2b2t. Do not make a huge amount of noise about something that's nothing more than an idea in your head. Recall the premise that anyone can do anything, combined with the very low "signal to noise ratio" of the subreddit, combined with how easy it is to get high, come up with bad ideas, and post them on Reddit, means that it is utterly meaningless and annoying to make a post like "I'm starting a new group!!! We are called THE FREE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC!!!! We will be the first truly democratic group!!!! We will rebuild spawn and the valley of wheat!!!!!!! We will also make the MOST IMPRESSIVE BUILDS EVER ON THE SERVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" *(Editors note: Very cringe)*
** If you're looking to impress people, or at least convince them that you're serious, an hour spent **actually** placing blocks on the server will be more effective than 10 hours writing up elaborate plans and posting them on the subreddit.
* For builders:
** You will not get invited to any bases unless you're trusted. Gaining a reputation and building trust is not something that there are any shortcuts for. If you're starting truly from scratch, your best bet is to either join a group, which can be done by looking at advertisements or asking around, or build a really impressive base, then (safely) share screenshots with other builders and members of the community, and inviting them to come to it. It isn't enough to demonstrate that you're trustworthy, you also have to demonstrate that you're worth inviting somewhere (i.e. that you can play the block game).
**Try to socialize in a mature manner. This is the easiest way to create friends and establish connections with others on the server. Voicechats are recommended, though not required, to get to know one another better. Be mature, and avoid trolling others, otherwise you will be viewed as a joke.
**A great example of a new player becoming respected relatively quickly as an accomplished builder is [Krobar0](https://2b2t.miraheze.org/wiki/Krobar01)1. He joined in 2017 and slowly started posting some of his impressive builds to the Reddit. If you replicate this you'll be fine, but be mindful that anything you post to the reddit could be found and griefed.
*In general:
**The players with the most clout are the ones that create their own fun and don't rely on others to do it for them. They're the ones that don't just think of projects but actually start and finish them. They successfully bring players together in interesting ways.